# A-n-Body-Closed-Form-Solution
     This page is under construction...but you can view any pdf file by clicking its button.  
     Feel free to comment about the contents of these files (use the Guestbook).  
     As of 8/27/2017, there has been more than 10000+ hits (recorded by WEBS.com) from all over the world; and counting (about an average of 7 a day). There probably are many, tens-of-thousands, more not recordable because they have turned on their “do not track” button. 
     
     The n-Body Problem Closed-form Solution is really a presentation of the generalization of NEWTON's Law of Universal Gravitation.  n-body Problem Closed-form Solution (first button): As of 9/23/2017, a draft of the 3rd Edition has been uploaded; the update was completed as of Oct. 2, 2017. (Also, I would dearly appreciate readers who find any errors report them (Thank you!). (3rd Ed. clarifies definition of gravity cause in the n-Body Problem Monograph 10/18/17.) On this day, 3/29/2015, in "Planet Forces" section, added reference to LIBESKIND's work, 2nd Edition, has been uploaded − enjoy.  One suggestion in this article is the electromagnetic energy flux issuing from the atomic nuclei is a cause of gravity.  The link for this phenomena may be van der WAALS (second button) and/or like long-range forces between atoms; and even for those atoms not in direct contact. See the short "van der WAALS Forces and Gravity" article below (second button). The n-body Problem closed-form algorithm may be used to determine those interaction forces. 
     Astronomy, Part I, (fourth button down) consists of a collection of essays about the 2000 year old Antikythera astronomy machine (computer), Greek astronomy, Aristotle's Physics, Islamic astronomy, Copernicus, Galileo, Bacon versus Descartes, NEWTON, Celestial Mechanics, and more.  Astronomy, Part II (the fifth button down) consists of continuations of the technical and historical documentations.  Astronomy, Part III contains WOODARD's paper; and the essential pages from the book, Astronomical Paper..., Vol. XII, Coordinates of the Five Outer Planets, 1653-2060 (and the book's equations for the coordinates too). Astronomy, Parts I, II, III is a monograph mainly serving as technical background, with some historical background given too, to augment the n-body Problem. 
